My boyfriend and I have been dating for almost a year now and we’ve been living together for about 2 months. He is very sweet and caring. He has spent plenty of time with me since he got furloughed, but he also spends a considerable amount of time browsing Reddit. I understand that everyone needs space and this is his “alone time”, so I try not to get involved in his “alone time” business. He often likes to quote memes he picks up online. It was dorky in a cute way until about a week ago when he became obsessed with this pogchamp meme.

First, he wanted me to call him “my little pogchamp” and rub his belly while we were watching anime. I did because, like I said, it was dorky and cute. The next night, he asked me to call him “pogchamp” in bed. I said it but it was kind of a turnoff because of how oddly obsessed he is with it. 3 nights ago, I wanted to be intimate with him and he asked me to say “Ugh fine, I guess you are my little pogchamp. Come here.” I did but I really didn’t want to. As I was saying it, he popped the biggest boner. Then he had me put on his cat ear gaming headphones while we had sex.

The next night he asked me to do the same thing. I was honest and told him it turns me off. He then begged me until his face was bright red and sweaty. I told him to get over it and he literally stormed out of the room and slept on the couch. I tried to convince myself he was just having a bad night, but last night he just stood next to the bed and said “Are you gonna do it?” I told him to stop being silly and he went straight to the couch again!

Today while he was at Walmart buying lotion and tissues, I found his laptop open on the couch with a Reddit video of this anime cat girl speaking the exact meme he had been asking me to say. Since I assume he found this meme from Reddit, I am asking Reddit for advice. I am legitimately concerned that my boyfriend is sexually obsessed with an anime cat girl reciting a meme and that it is seriously affecting our physical relationship to the point where he is more attracted to it than me. Am I crazy to think this or are my concerns valid?